# radioanonymous
winrt client for RA

Project -> moved from codeplex. 

Anonymous Radio (Radio Anonymous, now Anon.Fm) - Project chan boards Internet radio station that focuses on anonymous all genders and ages. Broadcasts around the clock from January Anonymous Radio (Radio Anonymous, now Anon.Fm) - Project chan boards Internet radio station that focuses on anonymous all genders and ages. Broadcasts around the clock from January 2009.
Radio format - the music of various genres and styles from both the DJ and on request anonymous, anonymous calls on Skype, as well as thematic programs ("Flashbacks show", "Hour patlachey", "Jazz evenings by the fireplace", "Music for nebydla , Radio format - the music of various genres and styles from both the DJ and on request anonymous, anonymous calls on Skype, as well as thematic programs ("Flashbacks show", "Hour patlachey", "Jazz evenings by the fireplace", "Music for nebydla , "etc.).
Like any project, eclipsing on anonymous and for anonymous, ther is the concentration of despondency and geeks. The content is different from the FM-band stations of its suddenness and lack of coordination, which can sound USSR anthem and mics with German marches, and DJs can do to please the signature tracks of high-frequency noise. Sometimes it runs wine in the form of original content.
Originally conceived as a suitable radio, where every anon could order a melody and then listen to it at the moment slipped into fucking shit. A key one - there is nothing inferior citizens age group to pass into the hands of Dj room. As a result, the ads often hang illiterate abusive fucks on various request "And I put a% songname%» You can often see the answers like "fuck ololo my dick", and the DJ puts the music that he likes (usually somehow coincides with previous tracks), and in between some midges Huet. Cancer - it's everywhere. However, this is not always observed, often request executed when communication is more or less adequate DJ and without any kinks performs request. Request not all, usually filtered chanson, rap and various Forsey like Misha Mawashi. However, since the best time to catch with no hands, and put up at the wrong rein pupils sees meaning not everyone on the radio were mostly those who furiously fingering on the theme of the board. There is an official conference radiochan@conference.jabber.rOriginally conceived as a suitable radio, where every anon could order a melody and then listen to it at the moment slipped into fucking shit. A key one - there is nothing inferior citizens age group to pass into the hands of Dj room. As a result, the ads often hang illiterate abusive fucks on various request "And I put a% songname%» You can often see the answers like "fuck ololo my dick", and the DJ puts the music that he likes (usually somehow coincides with previous tracks), and in between some midges Huet. Cancer - it's everywhere. However, this is not always observed, often request executed when c

Last edited May 12, 2013 at 11:31 PM by ichensky, version 2
